The lightest material ever created.
And this robotic bear pillow is designed to
tickle your face to stop you from snoring.
VSauce, Kevin here.
This is Mind Blow.
Invoked Computing is a concept that removes
the physical computers from our homes and
offices and, instead, allows for basically
anything to become computerized.
Like using this pizza box as a sort of laptop,
or this banana as a phone.
It works by using a camera projector and parametric
speaker, and the goal is to create an audio/video
augmented reality system.
The EXOdesk is a 40-inch transparent touchscreen
that transforms your boring computer desk
into a giant interactive screen.
You can quickly navigate widgets, or just
make your desk a virtual piano, and it will
be available for purchase sometime next year.
To skip touching all-together, there's Eye
Asteroids: The world's first eye-controlled
arcade game.
It uses eye-tracking technology, and claims
the experience feels like the game is reading
your mind.
Uhhh....
DARPA's FastRunner is a Robo-Ostrich capable
of running 27 MPH.
It contains a single motor per leg, and they
say the technology is adaptable to work on
four-legged bots, or even humanoids.
If you hate physically cleaning up your room,
the Robo Maid uses Kinect Motion Technology
and a robot to pick up objects remotely.
And it could be used to aid the elderly.
Wait...what?
He may not be a robot but Roger Craig recently
cracked Jeopardy by developing a web application
to compile past questions from the show and
test his own topic-strengths and weaknesses.
Oh, and it worked - he won almost $200,000.
The BBC filmed an underwater icicle of death
in the antarctic.
The cold, sinking brine is denser than the
sea water, and freezes as it contacts warmer
water below the surface, eventually reaching
the seafloor and freezing any creatures in
its path.
Ok, here's what blowing up walls with a water-cooler
bottle looks like.
Or just sending one through the side of a
van...
Finally, here's an epic video from Rollerman...
I'm gonna leave you with a perfect bubble.
There are 4 clues hidden in the description
of this video.
The first person to answer all 4 correctly
will be our Genius of the Week.
So, good luck, and, as always, thanks for
watching.